docs: update CLA link (#4063)
webpack/webpack-dev-server: CONTRIBUTING.md

## [Contributor License Agreement](https://openjsf.org/about/the-openjs-foundation-cla/)

> When submitting your contribution, a CLA (Contributor License Agreement) bot will come by to verify that you signed the [CLA](https://contributor.easycla.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/cla/project/3d9a9c15-cb4a-478d-a185-d8d2881dd914/user/f5e71bf5-4dd3-4e03-b70f-7459c4deb7df). If it is your first time, it will link you to the right place to sign it. However, if you have committed your contributions using an email that is not the same as your email used on GitHub, the CLA bot can't accept your contribution.

Author: ```suggestion
When submitting your contribution, a CLA (Contributor License Agreement) bot will come by to verify that you signed the [CLA](https://cla.openjsf.org/). If it is your first time, it will link you to the right place to sign it. However, if you have committed your contributions using an email that is not the same as your email used on GitHub, the CLA bot can't accept your contribution.
```
